docs: document Grab behavior change when using MergePhysBone (#1568)
anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer: .docs/content/docs/reference/merge-physbone/index.md

Merge target PhysBones must be children of the same GameObject.
Alternatively, you can use `Make Children of Me` option.

This component will create a new PhysBone root GameObject and make the bones swayed by merge target PhysBones into children of this GameObject.

Since the root GameObject is treated as a PhysBone affected Transforms, the number of `PhysBone Affected Transforms` will be increased by one for each Merge PhysBone.\
The GameObject added by this component will not be swayed by PhysBone, so this can be a bug of the VRChat Performance Rank System.

When merging multiple PhysBones, the Grab behavior changes.\
Before merging, each PhysBone can be held simultaneously, but after merging, only one bone can be held at a single time.\

> This is because there is one grab point per one PhysBone component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because there is only one grab point for one PhysBone component in VRChat specification.
```
の方が良いかもしれない?
他は問題ないと思います。

Reviewer 2: > VRChat specification.

implementation? なんか仕様として明示的だったかは怪しいので、微妙かな。
onlyもなくていいと思ってるので採用しないとします。

Since the root GameObject is treated as a PhysBone affected Transforms, the number of `PhysBone Affected Transforms` will be increased by one for each Merge PhysBone.
The GameObject added by this component will not be swayed by PhysBone, so this can be a bug of the VRChat Performance Rank System.

When merging multiple PhysBones, the Grab behavior changes.
Before merging, each PhysBone can be held simultaneously, but after merging, only one bone can be held at a single time.

> This is because there is one grab point per one PhysBone component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component will create a new PhysBone root GameObject and make the bones swayed by merge target PhysBones into children of this GameObject.

Since the root GameObject is treated as a PhysBone affected Transforms, the number of `PhysBone Affected Transforms` will be increased by one for each Merge PhysBone.\
The GameObject added by this component will not be swayed by PhysBone, so this can be a bug of the VRChat Performance Rank System.

When merging multiple PhysBones, the Grab behavior changes.\
Before merging, each PhysBone can be held simultaneously, but after merging, only one bone can be held at a single time.\
This is because there is one grab point per one PhysBone component.
```
英語の表現はあまり変えなくても問題ないような気もしつつ(改行だけ調整しました)

(diffのプレビューがなんかおかしいですね?)
